[DOC]add multi threading for 2023.0 release in CPU plugin document (#17638)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/CPU.md

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

By default, OpenVINO Runtime will enable CPU threads pinning for better performance. User also can use property ``ov::hint::enable_cpu_pinning`` to switch it off. Disable threads pinning might be benefitial in complex applications with several workloads executed in parallel.

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

user can check [optimization guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_tput_advanced.html) for details on multi-stream execution

> 

Reviewer: If I understand correcly `scheduling_core_type`, `enable_hyper_threading`, `enable_cpu_pinning` doesn't fully support existing OS (Linux, Windows, Mac) and CPU arch (Intel® x86-64, Arm®) matrix. Can we add Note section here that will describe all the limitations?

Author: Yes, new properties only support Intel® x86-64 on Linux and Windows in 2023.0 release. 

Updated `note` in document.

Optimization guide
###########################################################

Multi-Threading Optimization
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> CPU inference will infer an input or multiple inputs in parallel on multiple CPU processors. 

Reviewer: Can we update all invocations of `processor` to `logical processor`?

Author: updated

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

By default, OpenVINO Runtime will enable CPU threads pinning for better performance. User also can use property ``ov::hint::enable_cpu_pinning`` to switch it off. Disable threads pinning might be benefitial in complex applications with several workloads executed in parallel.

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

user can check [optimization guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_tput_advanced.html) for details on multi-stream execution

.. note:: 
   

>    Properties for multi-threading optimization only support Intel® x86-64 CPU on Linux and Windows in current release.

Reviewer: Is it applicable for `ov::inference_num_threads`?

Author: updated

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

.. note:: 
   
   ``ov::hint::scheduling_core_type`` and ``ov::hint::enable_hyper_threading`` only support Intel® x86-64 CPU on Linux and Windows in current release.
   
By default, OpenVINO Runtime will enable CPU threads pinning for better performance. User also can use property ``ov::hint::enable_cpu_pinning`` to switch it off. Disable threads pinning might be benefitial in complex applications with several workloads executed in parallel.

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

> user can check [optimization guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_tput_advanced.html) for details on multi-stream execution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
user can check :doc:`optimization guide <openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_tput_advanced>` for details on multi-stream execution
```

   MatMul_1800         EXECUTED         layerType: FullyConnected         execType: brgemm_avx512_amx_sparse_I8 realTime (ms): 0.050000  cpuTime (ms): 0.050000

> Multi-Threading Optimization

Reviewer: Please move this section before `Denormals Optimization` as long as it has higher priority.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

CPU inference will infer an input or multiple inputs in parallel on multiple CPU processors. 

> From 2023.0 release, user can use properties ``ov::inference_num_threads``, ``ov::hint::scheduling_core_type`` and ``ov::hint::enable_hyper_threading`` to limit candidate CPU resource for model inference. Then OpenVINO Runtime will perform multi-thread scheduling according to the limited candidate CPU resources.

Reviewer: It is not necessery to state release version here as long as the documention itself has own versions per-release

> From 2023.0 release, user can use properties ``ov::inference_num_threads``, ``ov::hint::scheduling_core_type`` and ``ov::hint::enable_hyper_threading`` to limit candidate CPU resource for model inference. Then OpenVINO Runtime will perform multi-thread scheduling according to the limited candidate CPU resources.

Reviewer: `candidate CPU resource` -> `available CPU resources`

> From 2023.0 release, user can use properties ``ov::inference_num_threads``, ``ov::hint::scheduling_core_type`` and ``ov::hint::enable_hyper_threading`` to limit candidate CPU resource for model inference. Then OpenVINO Runtime will perform multi-thread scheduling according to the limited candidate CPU resources.

Reviewer: I don't see any behavior explanation for these properties - that have to be added. I would also propose to specify behavior in case value is incompatible with the platform (examples: num threads more that available cores, ECORE type on non hybrid system, hyper-threading on Ecores).

Author: updated

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part0]

> By default, OpenVINO Runtime will enable CPU threads pinning for better performance. User also can use property ``ov::hint::enable_cpu_pinning`` to disable threads pinning when application run inference with multiple models parallelly. 

Reviewer: Not necesserally multiple inference in parallel. I would generalize the statement. Smt like: 
```
By default, OpenVINO Runtime will enable CPU threads pinning for better performance. User also can use property ``ov::hint::enable_cpu_pinning`` to switch it off. Disable threads pinning might be benefitial in complex applications with several workloads executed in parallel.
```

Author: updated

.. tab:: C++

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.cpp
      :language: cpp
      :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

.. tab:: Python

   .. doxygensnippet:: docs/snippets/cpu/multi_threading.py
      :language: python

>       :fragment: [ov:intel_cpu:multi_threading:part1]

Reviewer: Lets add link to https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_deployment_optimization_guide_tput_advanced.html in the end of this section saying that user can check this link for details on multi-stream execution

Author: updated
